Today we're gonna talk about quick I am
Misko, I did this thing called Angular JS,
and angular currently working
on this thing called Qwik.
You might have heard of the the karma
that I've helped to co create and
right now I'm a CTO at Builder.io.
Builder.io does a headless visual CMS.
Basically, if you wanna add a drag and
drop editor into your application,
then you can do it with Builder.io and
we work across all tech stacks.
So, today, I thought we could
build a Qwik contacts application.
I have an example of what I
have in mind as a picture here.
And we can go through a couple of things.
We go through installing Qwik, we can talk
about Qwik-City, file layout overview,
how that kind of works.
We will talk about building
a basic contacts app.
How do you display data,
which requires components, styling, and
adding behaviors to it?
How do you delete data,
how do you edit data?
And of course, how do you create data?
And then of course, that requires
form validation, and finally,
we're gonna talk about login.
So, let's talk about Qwik.
Why do we need Qwik?
And so, I'm gonna try to
convince you of three things.
One is that the JavaScript is the problem.
In other words,
the amount of JavaScript we ship to
the client is really the problem at hand.
It's the reason why we're having so
much problems in terms of performance.
And the second point I wanna make is that
people love to blame the developer people
love to basically say like you
just got crappy developers.
If you only got better developers
you wouldn't have this problem.
And to you know it's an easy way out and
easy way to do the only problem with that
theory is that,
at least some developers are good and
therefore at least some websites
should have good performance.
But if you look around,
you'll discover that most websites
do not have good performance, even
the websites that have obviously the best
developers such as Amazon and eBay, etc.
They certainly have better
performance I'm not gonna say they
have bad performance but
it is not as good as it could be.
So, I'm gonna point out basically
say like it is not your fault and
what I mean by that is even if you try
to do everything best you will end up in
this pit of too much JavaScript.
And the reason for that is, in my opinion,
is that the way the current
frameworks are designed.
And so, the big thing with Qwik is
that it basically tries to solve that
particular problem.
Instead of starting with a relatively
little amount of JavaScript, and as you
build more and more complicated websites,
your JavaScript just grows unboundedly.
Qwik basically says, no, let's figure
out a way to only ship the amount of
JavaScript that's actually required.
And this is what I mean by that
it's not your fault, right?
It is the frameworks basically guide
you down a path which ends up in too
much JavaScript and
there's very little you can do about it.
And so, that is a solution and
the solution I think is Qwik and so
let's let's talk about it.